well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
senator cruz
and a story i heard a while back
and some secretaries of defense
see senator cruz has his little
political theater planned
he's going to object to the electoral
account and all of that stuff
and he's received some pretty heavy
criticism
because of his little plan
said the people needed to calm down
they needed to tone down their rhetoric
because it's a tinderbox and they're
throwing matches in it
can you believe that some democrats had
the nerve
to say that he was committing treason
got to be honest i felt bad for a minute
because of my video
then i remembered a story i was told
i wasn't there for this but uh i have no
reason to believe it's not true
guy's a marine he gets out moves back
home
and he is the definition of a good old
boy
takes a job as a deputy one of his first
calls is a shots fired call
so he drives out to the middle of
nowhere to this house
and when he gets there he sees this guy
standing
out in front of the house looking at the
tree line and he is holding a hand
cannon
he's got nothing on the
great investigative skills that you pick
up at the academy
his theory was that somebody attempted
to get into the house
the homeowner woke up in the middle of
the night came out waving that 357
around
scared them off they're in the tree line
sounds good he gets out of the car
starts walking up to the guy from behind
as he gets close he's like everything
all right
the guy turns around he's like can you
see him can you see him
see who the aliens
yes i can as a matter of fact that's why
i'm here i'm here to back you up
he pulls his weapon out and he keeps
appointed at the tree line
and he asked guys like you know there
anybody here with you
no well you know i i get what you're
talking about
but these
these pistols are not gonna do anything
we need to get back to the station get
something a little bit more high-powered
why don't you come with me
i don't know how to use anything else
we'll get you trained
get you some gear we're probably gonna
have to be dealing with this for a while
okay and they ease back to the car
keeping their eyes and weapons trained
on the tree line
gets the car and he's like hey you know
i got stuff in the front seat here just
hop in the back
oh you can't have that back there can't
give me that system down in there close
the door this was
late 90s early 2000s
you know we hear a story like that today
we'd be like great fantastic that is
amazing de-escalation
good for him we need this cop to train
other cops
and on some level yeah that's true
but from a psychologist's standpoint
that's the way wrong move
so the deputy drives him to the hospital
when he gets to the hospital the guy
begins to understand what's happening
and flies into a fit of rage
hurts one of the docks hurts one of the
nurses winds up having to be restrained
when it's all said and done this four
foot nothing
psychologist comes up and starts poking
this mountain of a man
in the chest telling him that if he ever
plays into the delusions of somebody
again
and then brings them to her hospital
well there is going to be the devil to
pay
because it's a bad idea to play into
people's delusions
senator cruz it's a bad idea
to play into false beliefs because
eventually
they're going to figure it out you have
no idea what's going to happen
it may also create a situation that is
such a tender box
that 10 former secretaries of defense
feel compelled to release an open letter
because they're worried about the
transition a worry we have not had in
this country
since the eighteen hundreds
it's not a good idea to play into the
delusions of the man with the gun
the person who can set everything off i
am sure to you
this is just political theater it's fan
service for your base
doesn't mean anything get that
and no it's not treason
treason in the united states is
incredible
specific in most countries
i think this would probably qualify but
not here
but while it is not treason
i would point out that it is certainly
not the best interest of the country
it is certainly not in the best interest
of those people you are supposed to
represent
yes rhetoric does need to change sir
yours
these little games they have gone on
long enough
you are undermining the foundational
elements of this country for nothing
for headlines for retweets
i'm sorry that people said mean things
to you
but uh i would suggest
that maybe you stop playing into the
delusions of people
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night